[PC-1225] - Getting started with MicroPython on the Portenta C33 (#1788)
arduino/docs-content: content/micropython/01.basics/02.board-installation/board-installation.md

Once complete, you're all set and you're ready to start programming the board in MicroPython.

Go to the Arduino Lab MicroPython IDE and press connect in the top left corner, choose the port and you are ready to load scripts to your board.

## Portenta C33

To install the MicroPython firmware to the Portenta C33 board, you can use the **Arduino MicroPython Installer**. This tool lets you plug in the board, select it from a menu, and automatically flash the latest firmware or a custom one of your choice to the board. You can download the [Arduino MicroPython Installer here](https://labs.arduino.cc/en/labs/micropython-installer). 

***The Arduino MicroPython Installer is part of [Arduino Labs](https://labs.arduino.cc) and is considered experimental software.***

Before installing the MicroPython firmware, **ensure you have installed the latest Portenta Renesas board package**. To install the board package for the Portenta C33 board, navigate to **Tools > Board > Boards Manager** or click the Boards Manager icon in the left tab of the IDE. In the Boards Manager tab, search for `renesas` and install the latest `Arduino Renesas Portenta Boards` version. 

> ![Installing the Arduino Renesas Portenta Boards core in the Arduino IDE](./assets/portenta-c33-1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Installing the Arduino Renesas Portenta Board Package in the Arduino IDE](./assets/portenta-c33-1.png)

```
